Validate instrument names when creating them (#4210)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Starting from `v1.21.0` of semantic conventions, `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/{version}/httpconv` and `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/{version}/netconv` packages will no longer be published. (#4145)
- Log duplicate instrument conflict at a warning level instead of info in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric`. (#4202)

> - Reject the creation of new instruments if their name doesn't pass regexp validation. (#4210)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Return an error on the creation of new instruments if their name doesn't pass regexp validation. (#4210)
```
